Minutes for 2024-02-07 CG meeting (#622)
solid/specification: meetings/2024-02-07.md

# W3C Solid Community Group: Weekly

* Date: 2024-02-07T14:00:00Z
* Call: https://meet.jit.si/solid-cg
* Chat: https://matrix.to/#/#solid_specification:gitter.im
* Repository: https://github.com/solid/specification

> * Status: Draft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Status: Published
```

* HZ: If we close all listed issues, are we going to release 0.11?
* AC: We can make progress on clarity on WebIDs and ClientIDs. We could do it without interfering with anything that will come with WG. Container Description and Storage Description look like bigger changes.
* HZ: My question is about WG creation, and if 0.11 milestone would impact it as well.
* AC: To my understanding, the WG will take it as an input document. It could be confusing if there is later rollback on the features.
* HZ: I mostly ask if this would delay creatin of WG.

#### Specify container description
URL: https://github.com/solid/specification/issues/227

* eP: also https://github.com/solid/specification/issues/525
* AC: The biggest issue is that we are going around in circles. I recall Tim weighing in. We need some clear direction.
* HZ: This brings a question on the process. I know that people are reluctant to vote one way or another. 
* eP: Proposal to document the status and close it with no-change, leaving the decision to the WG.
* HZ: I think this may apply to the server description.

#### Server Description
URL: https://github.com/solid/specification/issues/355

> * AC: From implementatione experience, the problems come to the composite nature of the containers. It gets complicated with conditional requsts using etags. Server Description seems like a simpler case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* AC: From implementation experience, the problems come to the composite nature of the containers. It gets complicated with conditional requests using eTags. Server Description seems like a simpler case.
```
